---
layout: post
title: My Contact Lense Story
subtitle: The struggle I went through to find a proper pair of contacts
gh-repo: daattali/beautiful-jekyll
tags: [Personal]
comments: true
---

As a keratoconus patient I had to go through many contact lenses to find the right ones for me. This blog post describes the specific challenges I had with each contact lens beginning with soft lenses.


##Soft Lenses

Before I had the cross-linking and before I even knew I had keratoconus I had soft contact lenses. These contacts, as expected, felt nice on my eyes and I had little to no problems with allergies of any sort. The problem was that my prescription changed super quickly in a short period of time which led to me changing the prescription every couple of months. After we realized I had keratoconus we had to switch to scleral lenses because soft lens simply do not provide enough support for cornea. 

##Scleral Lenses

After I had my cross-linking I switched to scleral lenses for about 3 years and I have mixed feelings about them. Scleral lenses greatly increased my vision and allowed me to get 25/20 in both eyes which I was very happy about. Yet with all the positives, scleral lenses flared my allergies and ended up causing Giant Papillary Conjunctivitis (GPC) which made it very difficult to wear the contacts for long periods of time. On top of this, the scleral lenses collected lots of residue from my allergies (such as mucus) which further flared the GPCs. 

##Scleral Lenses With HydraGlyde

After trying to fix this problem by changing the cleaning solutions and taking steroids and other eye drops we decided to try a different form of contact lens. This version of contact lense have a smooth film covering the scleral lens so that residue does not collect on the contact lenses. These contacts also helped with controlling the GPCs because they are smooth and don't rub against my eye lid. These contact lenses have helped me a lot more than the other lenses and I was finally able to reach 20/20 vision!
